Update changelog for v1.0.3 (#1211)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: CHANGELOG.md

# v1.0.3 (2020-11-19)

## OS Changes
* Support setting Linux kernel parameters (sysctl) via settings (see README) ([#1158], [#1171])
* Create links under `/dev/disk/ephemeral` for ephemeral storage devices ([#1173])
* Set default RLIMIT_NOFILE in CRI to 65536 soft limit and a 1048576 hard limit ([#1180])
* Add rtcsync directive to chrony config file ([#1184], **thanks @errm!**)
* Add `/etc/ssl/certs` symlink to the CA certificate bundle for compatibility with the cluster autoscaler ([#1207])
* Add procps dependency to docker-engine so that `docker top` works ([#1210])

## Build Changes
* Align optimization level for crate and dependency builds ([#1155])
* pubsys no longer requires an Infra.toml file for basic usage ([#1166])
* Makefile: Check that $BUILDSYS_ARCH has a supported value ([#1167])
* Build migrations in parallel ([#1192])
* Allow file URLs for role in pubsys-setup ([#1194])
* Update Rust dependencies ([#1196])
* Update SDK to v0.14.0 ([#1198])
* Fix an occasional issue with KMS signing in pubsys ([#1205])
* Backport containerd 1.4 fixes until we can update ([#1216])

> * Package updates and patches ([#1176], [#1195])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update third-party package dependencies ([#1176], [#1195])
```

# v1.0.3 (2020-11-19)

## OS Changes

> * Support setting Linux kernel parameters (sysctl) via settings ([#1158], [#1171])

Reviewer 2: Should we provide an example of using this in a different section?

Reviewer 3: Perhaps we should add this to the `README` or in the explanation of the settings.

Author: @tjk already added it to the readme https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/blob/develop/README.md#kernel-settings

Author: Should I link to the README from the CHANGELOG? (Seems like a high risk of ending up with a broken link). Maybe just add `(see README)`?

> * Add `bpffs` mount to default installation ([#1160], **thanks @izaakschroeder!**)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
We definitely appreciate the communication, but there was no merge/change to the OS here, so I don't think we should call it out in the changelog.

Author: I missed that the PR was closed, not merged. Thanks.

> * Create links for ephemeral storage devices ([#1173])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Create links under `/dev/disk/ephemeral` for ephemeral storage devices ([#1173])
```

> * Package updates and patches ([#1176], [#1195], [#TBD])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update third-party package dependencies ([#1176], [#1195])
* Backport containerd 1.4 fixes until we can update ([#TBD])
```
I don't think the containerd patches should be lumped with general dependency updates; if we're not able to update but feel these are important fixes, that's an unusual situation worth calling out.

Reviewer: nit: also, it'd be too big a GitHub suggestion to be make directly, but can we move these to Build Changes instead of OS Changes?  We don't expect any impact to users, so that might feel more appropriate?  (It doesn't look like we've been consistent about this in the past, but I'd like us to have some standard.)

> * Set default RLIMIT_NOFILE in CRI  ([#1180])

Reviewer 2: Let's indicate that the new default is a 65536 soft limit on open file descriptors, and a 1048576 hard limit.

* Add rtcsync directive to chrony config file ([#1184], **thanks @errm!**)

> * Add symlink where the cluster autoscaler expects to find the CA certificate bundle. ([#1207])

Reviewer 2: Maybe specify the exact new path here?
```suggestion
* Add `/etc/ssl/certs` symlink to the CA certificate bundle for compatibility with the cluster autoscaler. ([#1207])
```

> * Add procps so that docker top works ([#1210])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add procps dependency to docker-engine so that `docker top` works ([#1210])
```

## Build Changes
* Align optimization level for crate and dependency builds ([#1155])

> * Pubsys will now create a default Infra.toml when one does not exist ([#1166])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* pubsys no longer requires an Infra.toml file for basic usage ([#1166])
```

> * Makefile: Check that $BUILDSYS_ARCH supported ([#1167])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Makefile: Check that $BUILDSYS_ARCH has a supported value ([#1167])
```

* Build migrations in parallel ([#1192])
* Allow file URLs for role in pubsys-setup ([#1194])
* Update Rust dependencies ([#1196])
* Update SDK to v0.14.0 ([#1198])
* Fix an occasional issue with KMS signing in pubsys ([#1205])

## Documentation Changes
* Nits and fixes ([#1170], [#1179])

> * Describe prerequisites for building Bottlerocket ([#1191])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add missing prerequisites for building Bottlerocket ([#1191])
```

[#1180]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/1180
[#1184]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/1184
[#1195]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/1195
[#1207]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/1207
[#1155]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/1155
[#1166]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/1166
[#1167]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/1167
[#1192]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/1192
[#1194]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/1194
[#1196]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/1196
[#1198]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/1198
[#1205]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/1205
[#1170]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/1170
[#1179]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/1179
[#1191]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/1191
[#1210]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/1210
[#TBD]: https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket/pull/TBD

> TODO: containerd patch PR# instead of TBD

Reviewer 3: Patch incoming this morning...
